guys from youtube we are going to make a video
from a doctor's bag we will go through
here
here I have a doctor's plate then
here I have then as a plate
what's in there doctor and in the jump a
man of your last name
Then we have a plaster that is
it's really just a cat and it takes a
chalice then here that
so this is a cure that is
punctured by taking blood to be a
vaccine and I have two that have different
colors the studs is pink and gray
but this is a thing then for
to put
thing the mouth and here I had a mirror and
you put it in your mouth like that and it tells you trace
you look with the mirror with those who have
the teeth or what happens to you like this
it's a thermometer
that here pushes him
and here because you have the temperature
What do you have
that this is not a part and another
and then this for you because it's one thing
that tells you that from the waist work
you have it right so you have it wrong and then
from here the beard high up if not
you have good you have more you
and then here there is a sticker
to do as one with a laboratory
or stickers as well as medicines and
after
and it 's green
Well this is a shower hose
or here we have a small phone
puts 112 which is the number of the
ambulance
then here you have with the buttons there
love
with a table so to see well that
you put a patch on the eye and then on the
another you look at it presumably because it's
a fence and so I have it here of
different colors to be blue
and then here I have all this
It is a burden to support children
good
and this is a thing
they are like cats for babies
and this after a month like this up
then here because this is like a notebook
that this is to put the name of the
doctor or the doctor then here what
what happened to that has happened to him and good
Boys
that's all love